Quiz: Python Virtual Environments
What Python package is needed in order to install a virtual environment?
a. virtualenv or venv
b. HyperV
c. VMWare

If I install a python library into an activated virtual environment using pip , is it shared by other environments?
a. Libraries I install with pip are shared across all environments
b. Libraries I install with pip are shared by default but can be isolated if I choose
c. Libraries I install with pip are isolated to the activated virtual environment by default

Where are the scripts that activate a virtual environment kept?
a. Under the virtual environment's own folder, in the Scripts directory (Windows) or bin directory (Mac/Linux)
b. Under the system binaries folder - C:\Users{Username} (Windows), /usr/local/bin (Mac/Linux)
c. Activation scripts must be written by the user

Can I install different versions of python into virtual environments?
a. No, virtual environments are always installed using the system's default version of python.
b. Yes, but virtual environments do not support more than one environment with the same major version.
c. Yes, any number of versions can be installed using separate environments.
d. No, because only one version of python can exist on a system at any given time, and each installation overwrites the previous installation.

Réponses:
a. virtualenv or venv
Le package nécessaire pour créer un environnement virtuel est virtualenv ou venv.


c. Libraries I install with pip are isolated to the activated virtual environment by default
Les bibliothèques installées avec pip dans un environnement virtuel activé sont isolées par défaut à cet environnement.


a. Under the virtual environment's own folder, in the Scripts directory (Windows) or bin directory (Mac/Linux)
Les scripts d'activation d'un environnement virtuel se trouvent dans le dossier de l'environnement, sous Scripts (Windows) ou bin (Mac/Linux).


c. Yes, any number of versions can be installed using separate environments.
Il est possible d'installer plusieurs versions de Python dans des environnements distincts.