Exam: The Interview

As if automation weren't fun enough already, it turns out there are a lot of people who
want to pay you to do it. If you're looking to get into automation as a profession, you
need to display a solid foundation of browser automation principles. Let's review what
we've covered so far.

1. I have parent class named BaseElement with a text property that returns
the element.text. Why - when creating a child class for an InputElement - is
it useful to override its text property?
a. Because when I ask for the text of an input element, I don't want the element.text. Rather, I want
the value attribute which contains the text inside the input
b. It's not useful

Réponse: a

2. Where does Selenium 3 look for your webdrivers by default?
a. C:\ (Win32) or /usr/local (Mac and Linux)
b. In the current user's home directory
c. In your system PATH environment variable

Réponse: c

3. How would I find a button element with an id of "btn1" using a CSS
Selector?
a. button > btn1
b. button[id='btn1']
c. //button[@id='btn1']

Réponse: b

4. Page Objects be useful when they…
a. Minimize duplicated code
b. promote readable test cases that tell a clear story
c. are so complex that they make it difficult for new users to learn the automation approach
d. make writing automated tests fast and enjoyable

Réponse: a,b, c

5. What is required for me to automate a web browser using Python? (Choose all that apply)
a. Python’s selenium library
b. Java 8 or higher
c. Node.JS
d. Python
e. A webdriver compatible with the browser we are automating

Réponse: a, d, e

6. Why are Explicit Waits a much better practice than time.sleep() when
waiting for something on the page? (Choose all that apply)
a. Explicit Waits can complete much earlier than the timeout if the desired state has arrived on the page
b. sleep() can only wait up to 10 seconds
c. sleep() usually waits much longer than is needed
d. Explicit Waits raise a TimeoutException if the element isn't found, while sleep has no such functionality

Réponse: a, c, d

7. Choose all valid methods of locating elements with a selenium webdriver:
a. ID
b. COLOR
c. NAME
d. CSS_SELECTOR
e. XPATH
f. PARTIAL_LINK_TEXT
g. TAG_NAME
h. LINK_TEXT
i. CLASS_NAME

Réponse: a, c, d, e, f, g, h, i

8. How do I indicate the parent of the current element using an XPATH?
a. ../
b. > .parent
c. > nth_parent()
d. /..

Réponse: d

9. Which webdriver method navigates to a URL in the browser?
a. webdriver.go()
b. webdriver.navigate()
c. webdriver.get()

Réponse: c